= findplace

 * findplace is a gem that allows to search for locations nearby.For eg: User can search for 'Hotels' nearby by passing the request as "hotel".
 * The gem will access the user-ip to find the location of the IP and then return all locations matching the request.

== Installation

=== The master branch supports versions >= Rails 3

Add the gem to the gemfile:
  gem "findplace"

== Usage

To find a location near you:

	* FindPlace.search_nearby(google_places_api_key,client_ip,type)
	
		eg: FindPlace.search_nearby("goole_api_key",10.10.10.10,"school")
			returns the array of locations of all the schools within 5000 meters of the location of the IP 10.10.10.10

	* If the google_api_key is invalid,result would be "Invalid API key"
	* If the Geocoder doesnot respond before time out,response would be "No Results,Request Time Out"
	* If the request doesnot produce any results,response would be "Sorryyy...No results for your request"



== Comments/Requests

* If anyone has comments or questions please let me know (krxcet@gmail.com or kannanr@qburst.com).
* If you have updates or patches or want to contribute I would love to see what you have or want to add.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. 
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== Contributers

This list is open to all. You are all welcome :).

* Manisha Haridas
  * Github: https://github.com/manishaharidas
 
* Anil Dias Davis aka "Pottan"
  * Github: https://github.com/anildias 
  
* Sooraj S 
  * Github: https://github.com/ssooraj 

* Anand Ponnappan
  * Github: https://github.com/anandqbnrd


Copyright (c) 2013 QBurst(qbruby@qburst.com). See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
